hey
you okay there jesus
i think i hurt someone this is ed warren
here with lorraine all right let's get
started
presidents of brookfield were shocked
this afternoon by the broad daylight
murder of bruno sauls
the court accepts the existence of god
every time a witness swears to tell the
truth
i think it's about time they accept the
existence of the devil
whatever was going on whatever happened
that day that was not
it's a witch's totem we think your
family was
cursed and that connection is still open
i'm only interested in reality
but i can see things that your people
can't
[Music]
something terrible happened here
a master satanist is not an adversary to
be taken likely
you need to come back you're saving him
worth everything you have
because that's what my ferry will cost
the raid
[Music]
you